hey mr. creeper do you just hanging out
inside of my little a little snow hole
you having fun inside of my sort of my
little snob hey what is up guys it is
sparkling koala here coming to you with
another mod spotlight and in this mod
spotlight I will be spotlighting the mod
called the better snow mod now what this
mod does is it adds in all these cool
new features that well involves snow
into the game it is very cool in simple
mod that I think is a very good addition
in 2d game now the goal for today is mod
spotlight is 60 likes now if i get sixty
likes then you guys will you'll get to
see me poop on a flower now as you can
see i'm already in the right position
and i am ready but i do not have the
moral support that I need because I have
had this massive turd lingering inside
of my anus hole for the longest time
that I need to get out so you guys can
help me do that alright so let's get on
to this mod all right now the cool thing
about this mod is that since you can see
that snowing the snow is starting to
stack now all these have just started
stacking so they're only on the second
stack but the cool thing is is that the
snow can in fact stack up to 16 blocks
high now I'm just going to keep stacking
this up it could stack all the way up to
a regular size to block as you can see
there now the cool thing is is that the
higher the snow is the slower your guy
will get whenever he walks through so if
we make like a little trail right here
of really stacked high snow you could
tell that if I try to walk through this
it will be much slower than if I was
walking normally now this also works for
mobs so if we get a pig we sat down the
pig and make him follow us he will get
slow when walking through the snow also
now the cool thing about that is that
you can make sort of like a little trap
for your friends so I could just be
walking around Christmas tree and be all
right sorry about that so they're
walking in there like la la la la la ah
so that that might that might happen so
the other cool thing is that if the snow
stops and the Sun comes out and there's
a lot of light then that means that the
snow will start to melt now this will
melt down all the way into one layer but
the snow won't melt completely I'm sorry
about that guys but it won't melt
completely but that is pretty much it
for this mod guys if you liked the mod
and you would like to download the mod
for yourself the link to the forms page
will be in the description as always if
you liked the video then please like the
video if you did not like the video then
please do not like the video remember
the like a goal for today's video is 60
likes and I really do need the moral
support to shoot out that anus rocket
that I've been holding in for a while
now so just go ahead and leave a like
and if you are not subscribed already
then please do so to see future mods
spot likes like spotlights like this one
and join the koala army because I would
always love to have another koala in my
koala army so I will see you guys later
goodbye carrot